1. When is spinal or pelvis MRI recommended to assess disease activity in adults with AS on biologic therapy?
2. What are the current recommendations regarding the use of tofacitinib in axial SpA management?
3. What does the guideline say about the use of NSAIDs in adults with inflammatory bowel disease and axial spondyloarthritis?
4. How is unsupervised back exercise viewed in the management of axial spondyloarthritis according to the guideline?
5. What is the difference between a strong recommendation and a conditional recommendation in these guidelines?
6. How should biologic therapy be managed in terms of continuation, tapering, or discontinuation in axial SpA patients?
7. What is secondary nonresponse in the context of axial spondyloarthritis treatment?
8. What is the recommendation regarding continuous versus on-demand NSAID use for axial SpA?
9. What are the preferred treatments for patients with AS who have contraindications to TNF inhibitors due to congestive heart failure or demyelinating disease?
10. Why might clinical assessment alone be insufficient to evaluate disease activity in axial SpA?
11. What is the recommendation on discontinuing biologic therapy in patients with stable axial SpA?
12. List the TNF inhibitors (TNFi) recommended for treatment of axial spondyloarthritis.
13. Is adding sulfasalazine or methotrexate recommended in AS patients who do not respond adequately to TNF inhibitors?
14. What is the strength of recommendation for using NSAIDs in the treatment of adults with nonradiographic axial spondyloarthritis (SpA)?
15. What is the role of locally administered parenteral glucocorticoids in axial SpA management?
16. How should shared decision-making be integrated into the treatment approach for axial spondyloarthritis?
17. For patients with contraindications to TNFi, what biologic treatments are conditionally recommended?
18. What is the conditional recommendation for using tofacitinib in active AS compared to TNF inhibitors or IL-17 inhibitors?
19. What does the guideline recommend about participation in formal group or individual self-management education for axial spondyloarthritis patients?
20. Is there a preferred TNF inhibitor recommended for treatment of active AS after NSAID failure?