1. Why does the panel strongly recommend against the use of TNF-alpha blocking agents in PMR treatment?
2. How should glucocorticoid doses be tapered in PMR patients, according to current clinical practice recommendations?
3. How should patients with long-standing PMR on low-dose glucocorticoids be managed according to the guideline?
4. Why does the panel recommend single daily dosing of oral glucocorticoids over divided doses in PMR patients?
5. How has the systematic literature review approach influenced the scope of the recommendations for PMR?
6. What is the recommended initial daily dose range of prednisone equivalent for the treatment of PMR?
7. How do cost implications factor into the current PMR treatment recommendations?
8. Which patient populations might particularly benefit from methotrexate addition to glucocorticoid therapy in PMR?
9. Under what circumstances might a higher initial dose (closer to 25 mg/day) of prednisone be considered in PMR patients?
10. What are the implications of the lack of consensus on glucocorticoid dosing and tapering strategies for PMR management?
11. What criteria were used in the 2012 classification study for assessing response to treatment in PMR?
12. What are some common challenges in defining treatment targets in PMR?
13. What is the panel’s stance on the use of herbal preparations such as Yanghe and Biqi capsules in PMR?
14. How should monitoring of disease activity and adverse events influence glucocorticoid tapering schedules in PMR?
15. What is the first-line treatment recommended for patients diagnosed with polymyalgia rheumatica (PMR)?
16. Why are NSAIDs generally discouraged as primary therapy in PMR management according to the 2015 EULAR/ACR recommendations?
17. What is the rationale behind the need for further research on existing drugs used for PMR?
18. What is the importance of identifying clinical phenotypes or biomarkers in improving PMR treatment strategies?
19. Under what circumstances might intramuscular (i.m.) methylprednisolone be considered as an alternative to oral glucocorticoids in PMR treatment?
20. How should physicians approach the use of analgesics in PMR patients, according to the guideline?