1. Why can pregnancy-induced hypertension syndromes be confused with active RMD flares?
2. What is the rationale behind conditionally recommending continuation of methotrexate (MTX) in men planning to father a pregnancy?
3. What are the risks and benefits of using prednisone in pregnant women with APS who fail standard therapy?
4. What is the recommended approach to emergency contraception in women with RMD, including those with SLE or positive aPL?
5. Why is depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) generally avoided in patients at risk for osteoporosis with rheumatic diseases?
6. What is the rationale for recommending the use of two contraceptive methods together or an IUD alone in women with RMD taking mycophenolate mofetil (MMF)?
7. What is the recommended management of rituximab treatment in pregnant patients with severe, life- or organ-threatening rheumatic disease?
8. How does fetal echocardiography monitoring change for women with a prior infant affected by NLE or CHB?
9. What is the recommendation regarding the use of prophylactic prednisone in patients undergoing assisted reproductive technology with active SLE?
10. Under what circumstances is stress-dose glucocorticoid administration recommended during delivery in patients with rheumatic diseases?
11. Why might aspirin be withheld prior to oocyte retrieval in patients undergoing ART?
12. What contraceptive methods are recommended for women with RMD receiving mycophenolate mofetil (MMF)?
13. What ovarian stimulation protocol adjustments may reduce thrombosis risk in women with RMD undergoing ART?
14. How should patients with a history of neonatal lupus and positive anti-Ro/SSA antibodies be monitored during pregnancy?
15. What are the recommendations regarding the use of combined estrogen-progestin contraceptives in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and moderate to high disease activity?
16. What is the recommended approach to discuss medication use in patients with RMD who are planning pregnancy?
17. How might mycophenolate-containing medications affect the efficacy of hormonal contraceptives in women with RMD?
18. What contraceptive method is strongly recommended for women with rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMD) who are receiving immunosuppressive therapy, and why?
19. What anticoagulation regimen is typically used prophylactically during ovarian stimulation in asymptomatic aPL-positive patients?
20. Why is repeated testing for anti-Ro/SSA and anti-La/SSB antibodies during pregnancy generally not recommended?